Added code review article (#128)
dh-tech/dh-tech.github.io: content/blog/2024-10-31-code-review-paper.md

---

> title: "Paper: Code Review in Digital Humanities"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Recently published: 'Code Review in Digital Humanities'"
```

slug: 2024-paper-code-review
date: 2024-10-31T09:00:15-04:00
author: Julia Damerow, Rebecca Sutton Koeser, Malte Vogl 
thumbnail: /images/posts/code-review-cat.png

> summary: At the DH Inside Out Workshop at DH2024, Performant Software Solutions LLC presented EditionCrafter, a tool for creating digital critical editions and archives. 

Reviewer 2: change summary

Author: 🤦‍♀️

featureImageAlt: A cat looking at code.
featureImageCap: Cat "Tango" reviewing code and is not amused.
summary: "Based on a poster at DH2022, Julia Damerow, Rebecca Sutton Koeser, Jeffrey C. Carver, and Malte Vogl have published a paper in *Digital Scholarship in the Humanities* describing the work of the Community Code Review Working Group of DHTech."
tags:
   - WhatsHappening
---

> Based on a poster at DH2022, Julia Damerow, Rebecca Sutton Koeser, Jeffrey C. Carver, and Malte Vogl have published a paper in *Digital Scholarship in the Humanities* describing the work of the [Community Code Review Working Group](https://dhcodereview.github.io/) of DHTech. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Expanding on a poster presented at DH2022, Julia Damerow, Rebecca Sutton Koeser, Jeffrey C. Carver, and Malte Vogl have published a paper in *Digital Scholarship in the Humanities* describing the importance of code review for humanities research software and the work of the DHTech [Community Code Review Working Group](https://dhcodereview.github.io/) to address that need. 
```
